# Memories of Fire

It is some 300 years since the reign of the Daegur Fel Empire. Now, little is left but scattered ruins and lore stretched far past the boundaries of truth, rendering our knowledge of those times misleading and obscured. Knowledge as to the ultimate cause of its fall are in the same tattered condition, with the history of these events shrouded in mystery and fear, many believe this lost history is the fault of the damage to the world of that time that came after the collapse. Despite however the dearth of reliable sources, historians have nonetheless theorized endlessly about this topic, with most positing that it was the effects of what are refereed to as “the rifts”, great expanses of torn earth said to be made by unimaginably powerful magical forces, where either the magic that brought them upon the world, or their unprecedented eruptions, that in the end felled the great kingdoms. Whatever the cause, it is commonly held in lore that during the last days of the empire, the world was thrust into a violent turmoil, and the great expanse of the old world fell to flame and ash for a span of time unknown, when a horrid darkness took hold and the evil dormant in the hearts of man found their morbid outlets as the world fell into madness and terror. This period is referred to as the “great burning”, where all of life felt the cruel heat of the fire while also falling under the darkness that ensured from the ash covered skies. Those few that survived this period found little solace in the period that followed, known as the season of rot, where starvation fell over the land as the earth emerged from the darkness into a blight. Still, hope was held and eventually was rewarded as the blight subsided and things slowly began to improve, entering into a period of reluctant resurfacing of the worlds living things and a renewed spirit of its creatures. This is the time known as “the great reconstruction”, which brings us to the present in the later days of this era, coming with sweet relief and lessons hard learned. In this time we have accomplished much in the effort to move past those dark days, and while the world is still not but remnants of what it once was, in those remnants we have found some semblance of order and civility, fragile as they may be, and light once again shines in the sky as in the hearts of those that carry on, the burden of the past thus far failing to destroy our future.