# The Rifts
For as long as memory spans, perhaps even before the old empire’s fall, the world has had a feature known as the rifts, huge stretches of earth that have been rent apart, as if a bestial god had taken its claws and raked the earth down through the full length of the land of its body. The rifts are in some places multiple miles wide, inside which molten rock and boundless energy slowly turn over, not far below the surface. In rare cases fire does burst through the smoking black labyrinths and in awe inspiring force shoots fire and ash out across the edges known as the “red borderlands”, having been known to burn villages clean off the face of the earth, leaving nothing but blackened scares and for some, echos of the sad songs of the dead. There are 3 main rifts that each have a number of splinters that give form to these colossal cracks, all traversing vertically through the central eastern segment of the continent. This being the case, for a Southlander the rifts are often not more than a bedtime story or a passing curiosity. Those who are studied in the ways of the earth, however, know better, they know that the shadow cast by these festering wounds spread across all the lands and seas, with no place safe from the potential for destruction slumbering beneath the rifts. Lore of the past understands these structures to be either the result of or cause of the empires fall, specifics lost to the fires, and in this knowledge is the bleak reality of their sundering of the earth once more. Some have even built secretive cults and fashioned strange gods for which they worship, that are believed to either live within the rifts or be the forces that brought them upon us as punishment for our sins.